Improves information about container and scopes (#597)
spiral/guide: docs/en/framework/container.md

    singleton: true
));
```

The `singleton` argument, set to true in this example, indicates that the container should treat `MyClass` as a
singleton. When you request an instance of MyClass from the container `$container->get(MyClass::class)`, it will return
the same instance every time.

### Factory

The `Spiral\Core\Config\Factory` binding serves as a simple factory for creating mixed types using a closure.

```php
use Spiral\Core\Config\Factory;

$container->bind('time', new Factory(
    callable: static fn() => time(),
));
```

Every time when you request current time from the container `$container->get('time')` it will return current timestamp.

Additionally, the `Factory` binding can be configured as a singleton:

```php
$container->bind('time', new Factory(
    callable: static fn() => time(),
    singleton: true,
));
```

By setting the `singleton` argument to `true`. This means that whenever you request the time value from the
container `$container->get('time')`, it will return the same value across multiple invocations.

### DeferredFactory

The `Spiral\Core\Config\DeferredFactory` binding enables you to bind deferred factories to the container using array

> callables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Spiral\Core\Config\DeferredFactory` binding enables you to bind deferred factory to the container using a
special array callable.
```

```php
use Spiral\Core\Config\DeferredFactory;

$container->bind('some-binding', new DeferredFactory(
    factory: [MyClass::class, 'handle'],
));
```

In the example above, we bind the key some-binding to a `DeferredFactory` instance. The factory property is set
to `[MyClass::class, 'handle']`. When the some-binding key is requested from the
container `$container->get('some-binding')`, the `DeferredFactory` will create an instance of `MyClass` and then invoke

> the handle method on that instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, we bind the key some-binding to a `DeferredFactory` instance. The factory property is set
to `[MyClass::class, 'handle']`. When the some-binding key is requested from the
container `$container->get('some-binding')`, the `DeferredFactory` will resolve an instance of `MyClass` and then invoke
the handle method on that instance to produce the required value.
```

));
```

### Scalar

The Scalar binding is a new functionality introduced for the container. It provides a convenient way to store and
retrieve static scalar values within the container. It can be useful for configuring paths, constants, or any other
scalar values needed by your application.

```php
use Spiral\Core\Config\Scalar;

$container->bind('app-path', new Scalar(value: '/var/www/my-app'));
```

### Shared

The Shared binding allows you to bind a persistent object to a key in the container. Once the object is created, it will
be reused every time the key is requested, and custom arguments cannot be provided during subsequent requests.

```php
use Spiral\Core\Config\Shared;

$container->bind(MyClass::class, new Shared(value: new MyClass(...)));
```

It's important to note that with the `Shared` binding, custom arguments cannot be provided during subsequent requests.
The object will be created with the initial arguments and reused as is.

It is particularly useful when you want to ensure that the same instance of an object is used throughout the
application. It provides persistence and prevents the creation of multiple instances with different arguments.

### Inflector

> An inflector allows you to manipulate an object before returning it from the container. This is particularly useful for
> applying common modifications or injections to objects of a specific type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An inflector allows you to manipulate an object after creating it in the container. This is particularly useful for
applying common modifications or injections to objects of a specific type.
```

```php
use Spiral\Core\Config\Inflector;

$container->bind(LoggerAwareInterface::class, new Inflector(
    inflector: static function (LoggerAwareInterface $obj, LoggerInterface $logger): LoggerAwareInterface {
        $obj->setLogger($logger);

        return $obj;
    }
));
```

> By configuring the Inflector binding, you can apply modifications or injections to objects of a specific type
> automatically whenever they are requested from the container. In this case, any object
> implementing `LoggerAwareInterface` will have its logger set based on the specified configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, any object implementing `LoggerAwareInterface`
will have its logger set based on the specified configuration.
```

This allows you to easily invoke closures with the required dependencies, regardless of whether the dependencies are
passed in as parameters or if they need to be resolved by the container.

## Attributes

Spiral provides a set of attributes that can be used to provide additional control over dependency resolution:

### Singleton

Allows you to mark a class as a singleton. By applying this attribute to a class, you indicate that only a single
instance of the class should be created and shared across the application. This attribute can be used as an alternative
to interfaces for specifying singleton behavior.

```php
use Spiral\Core\Attribute\Singleton;

#[Singleton]
final class UserService
{
    public function store(User $user): void
    {
        //...
    }
}
```

> ### Scope

Reviewer 2: do we have practical examples how it works?
